e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\alvar200.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\alvarplatform200.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\ALVARWrapper.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\Newton.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\opencv_calib3d240.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\opencv_core240.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\opencv_features2d240.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\opencv_flann240.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\opencv_highgui240.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\opencv_imgproc240.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\opencv_legacy240.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\opencv_ml240.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\opencv_video240.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\AugmentedCatapultas.exe
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\AugmentedCatapultas.pdb
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\GoblinXNA.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\DShowNET.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\NewtonWrapper.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\DirectX.Capture.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Fonts.dll
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\GoblinXNA.pdb
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\GoblinXNA.xml
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\Lidgren.Network.xml
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Fonts.xml
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\obj\x86\Debug\AugmentedCatapultas.exe
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\obj\x86\Debug\AugmentedCatapultas.pdb
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sample.xnb
e:\Users\Eric\Documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\AugmentedCatapultas\bin\x86\Debug\Content\DebugFont.xnb
